hello here is again steffen of area
mobile and I want you guys today
show a tablet again this week
but we have no Android device or
no ipad for you but a device with
windows and the asus transformer
book t110 sommerburg why the book
hot tablet is not clear because you
can we with such a small one
Keyboard to the small laptop netbook
wants to be but we look
now first the tablet a bit
Outside
the asus transformer book t100 is in
Core a 10.1 inch tablet with windows
8.1 windows 8.1 not windows nt that
means we have an intel processor here
in it
this is a quad core processor from the
new trailer series of the 13 gigahertz
clock frequency and 2 gb RAM
that just the work speaker sounds
but not so much is in everyday life
that's enough for everything I do
usually with the tablet do that
runs super fluid and I can too
I work with the pictures
can surf the net i can hd videos
all this is not a problem
that fits so far as here if we
First, the pure outward appearances us
watch already see
this is a plastic case and no
especially good honest spoiled
pretty fast that it's a shiny one
The surface she is very vulnerable to
fingerprints shows she is not
you can do that very well
in the middle press everywhere
it does not sound so high quality though
Well, you can just for a price that
costs just 300 euros 350 euros each
After all, where to buy it, not everything
expect
it was also on interfaces
There is a little frugal 3g variant
we do not see a button next to it
I still like that makes one equal
volume rocker the power button with
a small led life microphone
hiding the little hole
memory card slot and a small usb
output small hdmi-port
headphone output and below there
look at us right now will be the
keyboard plastered
what is this little button doing here
besides in comparison to borrow windows
we do not see what we actually do
see and here somehow one
homebutton windows symbol where to go if
For example, in desktop mode
works quickly in the vote again
tile surface pure and it can
Of course they do that
but you always get down here too
if somehow a tile app
you can always open here
but you can get back to the desktop
not there is a kind here as well
Windows button with which you always the
last application you had open
can jump back
this is less convenient than once
but to have her central button
everything has just decided
we can not do anything
here we require a front camera
with 12 megapixels on the back there
there is no camera, I think it's at now
a tablet not so bad, especially
with such a big tablet because who goes
Go on and do it somehow
photo the webcam is actually only
for a snapshot or here and there
Skype phone suitable with 12
megapixel and without any one
Photolight or something you can not do that
to start so much
the display what you put in it
diagonal of 10.1 inches is an ips
display but like for an ips display
me the viewing angle stability now
not so good you can get away from it relatively quickly
the side looks to the gray veil on it
the colors take off you have the feeling
it's relatively low in the display
Housing in it , the picture is not so
It's a bit high up here
darker than it could possibly be
But for the price really is
ok the resolution is 1366
x 768 pixels so no full hd resolution
but really great for the price
Can you live with it in the tablet
stuck depending on the variant you buy
32 or 64 GB ssd memory as I said
Memory card slot is available for
extension
You have to remember, though
fall the small variants buy
the operating system already needs 15 gb
that is actually already the
half of it off the store if
So I in the large memory at the
I should actually think about color
if I want it or if I want it
do not invest and the 4
Buy, of course, is also a battery
your third tray has two
cells and 31 watt - hours capacity like
it takes a long time to get through it
strongly dependent on what you do so if you are
just actually surfing anyway
and use some e-mails
maybe every once in a while
round solitaire or something is playing
Can you do that somehow ten
hours persevere when he sees the display
not quite turned on but if it is
Now that's about you really
More demanding things might do
one image processing somehow
hd-video peeks or something then can too
ever after the half be closed
you can just flat-rate
You can run with such a term
Specify windows computer hard
I would say it because q is good
but has another average
problem and although the power supply is what
asus hereby delivers a bit too
weak full output of 2
amp
it is all about the micro usb port
and if I'm in the desktop right now
Mode I find a lot of applications
on colored offer no idea just
because of photoshop or a browser
it can happen with 30 tabs or something like that
that the battery is decreasing though that
charger is connected and so
actually that would be a bit
Maybe many do not even notice
if I just that as a pure tablet
users for surfing or other things
then you probably fall
not like that but if I did
make more demanding work with it
is that a bit annoying
especially since the weak charger is also called
that's when the battery is completely empty times
It takes a long time to get busy again
is already five hours in the country or
You just have to know four
maybe a stronger charger
can settle by other asus
transformer models already known
that tablet with such a keyboard
docking station is delivered
this is really just about it
a plastic plastic
keyboard here with a stable
hinge where we once the tablet
reinsetzen
the advantage one has here
full keyboard in netbook size
would still remembers dinger
So you can safely type better
screen keyboard but
you can tell that already pretty much
is also determined by yes what is left
end for a conclusion from the asus
Transform t 101 times the positive ones
it's pretty cheap anymore
Gets for a little over 300
euro has a lot of power for it
with the intel bay trail quad core
Processor in there is two gigabytes of RAM
are the minimum what you need for windows 8.1
should have
In terms of performance we can somehow
It does not say it's great
problems makes that you can handle it a lot
work well somehow
Bildbearbeitung and that's how it works
everything is pretty fluent games
of course with such a graphics card with
the integrated chip of not the
bringer
but you can do a lot with it
especially if you are traveling
that is already working
quite well
We did not like the display that much
is really more middle class displays
does not have a full hd resolution is not
so bright does not have such a good one
viewing angle fits perfectly with the
Price range but of course would be nice
if it were not a bit better
I liked that cheap
material and processing earlier
at the keyboard part and the problems with
the battery or too weak
charger and anyway no
especially great out of perseverance
the outlet
that would have really done better
But you must always remember that
ding maybe costs 300 350 euro
But you get a lot for that
Not everything is good for that anymore
device you experience in the complete
review on areamobile DE and her
you can not even in the channel
our other videos are watching me
There's something to see and see you next
times